Update how-currencies-work.md (#578)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/catalog/currencies/how-currencies-work.md

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this Page
- [Catalog pricing](#catalog-pricing)
- [Currencies](#currencies)
- [Price Lists](#price-lists)
- [Price list modifiers](#price-list-modifiers)
- [Price records](#price-records)
- [S-2-S cart and checkout](#s-2-s-cart-and-checkout)
- [Storefront cart and checkout](#storefront-cart-and-checkout)
- [Orders](#orders)
- [Promotions](#promotions)
- [Shipping](#shipping)
- [Refunds](#refunds)
- [Payment methods supported](#payment-methods-supported)
- [Gift certificates](#gift-certificates)

</div>

> This article details how you can surface currencies throughout BigCommerce APIs, user interfaces, and storefront components; it assumes you're already familiar with the core concepts behind BigCommerce's Multi-Currency settings. For a high-level overview and instructions on how to add currencies to a BigCommerce store, see [Currencies Overview](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/catalog/currencies/currencies-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article details how you can surface currencies throughout BigCommerce APIs, user interfaces, and storefront components. It assumes you're already familiar with the core concepts behind BigCommerce's multi-currency settings. For a high-level overview and instructions on how to add currencies to a BigCommerce store, see [Currencies Overview](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/catalog/currencies/currencies-overview).
```

## Catalog pricing

<a id="catalog-pricing"></a>

> When you configure Multiple Currencies, BigCommerce will convert the catalog default currency price of items into the selected non-default currency on the storefront. It does not change the default catalog pricing of products. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure multiple currencies, BigCommerce will convert the catalog default currency price of items into the selected non-default currency on the storefront. It does not change the default catalog pricing of products. 
```

> Catalog search and filtering by price only work for the default currency and auto-converted pricing for non-default transactional currencies. If a merchant sets up pricing through **Price Lists** and has price filter enabled on their store, when shopper searches by price, no products will be displayed to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalog search and filtering by price only work for the default currency and auto-converted pricing for non-default transactional currencies. If a merchant sets up pricing through **Price Lists** and has price filter enabled on their store, shoppers will be unable to see any products when searching by price.
```

> * `Shop by: Price` only works for default currency and auto-converted pricing for non-default transactional currencies. If merchant sets up pricing through Price Lists and has price filter enabled on their store, when shopper searches by price, no products will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Shop by: Price` only works for default currency and auto-converted pricing for non-default transactional currencies. If merchant sets up pricing through price lists and has price filter enabled on their store, shoppers will be unable to see any products when searching by price.
```

> BigCommerce does not dynamically convert currency. To convert the merchant will need to do one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce does not dynamically convert currency. To convert, the merchant will need to do one of the following:
```

> * Manually update their conversion rate from default currency to other transactional currencies,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manually update their conversion rate from default currency to other transactional currencies.
```

> * Set up automatic updates to their conversion rate through APIs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up automatic updates to their conversion rate through APIs.
```

> * Set up explicit pricing per each currency using Price Lists (only available to Enterprise merchants)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up explicit pricing per each currency using price lists (only available to Enterprise merchants).
```

## Currencies

**Details:**
* There was a new field added to [/v2/currencies](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/store-management/currency-api):

>   * `is_transactional` - boolean indicating the currency is transactional or not; false means display only currency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `is_transactional` - Boolean indicating if the currency is transactional or not; false means display only currency.
```

<a id="price-lists"></a>

> You can create Price Lists in any currency setup in the store. Both transactional and display currencies are available in Price Lists. BigCommerce does not copy price records from one currency to another; you must create the price record for each currency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create price lists in any currency setup in the store. Both transactional and display currencies are available in price lists. BigCommerce does not copy price records from one currency to another; you must create the price record for each currency.
```

</div>
</div>

## Price list modifiers

<a id="price-list-modifiers"></a>

> Modifiers use the auto conversion rate. For example, if the keychain is `€30`, and there's a modifier for engraving, the price is: `€30 + ($5 * auto conversion rate)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifiers use the auto conversion rate. For example, if the keychain is €30, and there's a modifier for engraving, the price is: €30 + ($5 * auto conversion rate).
```

**Details:**
* The order history page shows the currency of the transaction.
* Invoices show item prices and the currency of the transaction.
* Since each order can be in a different currency, the control panel order page shows the currency's token (this also applies to Order Export data).
* The shopper's order history shows the transactional currency, not the display currency. While the underlying historical data itself will remain unchanged, the page now surfaces the transactional currency and amount, rather than display currency and amount -- this change applies to all orders, including historical ones. 

> * `default_currency_code` - now the transactional currency used in the order (was the store's default currency).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `default_currency_code` - The transactional currency used in the order; previously the store's default currency.
```

> * `currency_code` - the display currency used to present prices to the shopper on the storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `currency_code` - The display currency used to present prices to the shopper on the storefront.
```

> * `currency_exchange_rate` - exchange between the store's default currency and the display currency; when you create the order via server-to-server endpoints, the value is always `1` -- only in the storefront can this value differ from `1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `currency_exchange_rate` - The exchange between the store's default currency and the display currency; when you create the order via server-to-server endpoints, the value is always `1`; only in the storefront can this value differ from `1`.
```

> * The following additional fields are returned on orders when Multi-Currency is enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following additional fields are returned on orders when multi-currency is enabled:
```

>   * `store_default_currency_code` - the store's default currency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `store_default_currency_code` - The store's default currency.
```

>   * `store_default_to_transactional_exchange_rate` - the exchange rate between the store's default currency and the transactional currency used in the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `store_default_to_transactional_exchange_rate` - The exchange rate between the store's default currency and the transactional currency used in the order.
```

**Details:**

> * **Product Level Fixed Shipping** - shipping is set at the product level in the store's default currency. During checkout, BigCommerce converts shipping costs using the store's exchange rate and displays that value to the shopper.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Product Level Fixed Shipping** - Shipping is set at the product level in the store's default currency. During checkout, BigCommerce converts shipping costs using the store's exchange rate and displays that value to the shopper.  
```

> * **Flat Rate Shipping** - flat rate shipping is converted based on the store's currency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Flat Rate Shipping** - Flat rate shipping is converted based on the store's currency. 
```

* **Shipping Carriers** - the currency is sent to the carrier, and depending on the carrier, quotes are returned in the stores' transactional currency. If the shipping carrier can not return in the transactional currency or the currency is display, then it is converted using the transactional currency exchange rate set by the merchant. Shipping providers that support multiple currencies can supply quotes straight in shopper's transactional currency, so no currency conversion needed. ShipperHQ does not support multiple currencies.

## Refunds

<a id="refunds"></a>

> * **Default Currency** - Works as normal, and make no changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Default Currency** - Works as normal; no changes made. 
```

> * **Transactional Currency** - The refund is shown in the transaction currency. When processing refunds, the amount is refunded to the shopper in the transactional currency.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Transactional Currency** - The refund is shown in the transaction currency. When processing refunds, the amount is refunded to the shopper in the transactional currency.  
```

> * **Display Currency** - The refund is shown in the stores default currency. When processing refunds the shopper is refunded the transactional currency amount; for example, if an order was purchased with a display currency of $36 AUD, where AUD exchange rate is set to 1.384615 and a store has USD currency set as a default, when processing a refund, the shopper will get $26 USD back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Display Currency** - The refund is shown in the store's default currency. When processing refunds, the shopper is refunded the transactional currency amount. For example, if an order was purchased with a display currency of $36 AUD, where the AUD exchange rate is set to 1.384615 and a store has USD currency set as a default, the shopper will get $26 USD back when the refund is processed.
```
